{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14340\viewh10740\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf0 Instructions for Using Gigil Faces\
\

\b Drawing 
\b0 Use the brushes on left side of the screen to draw. \

\b Change Brush Size 
\b0 Click on the 
\i resize brush 
\i0 button and drag the slider to resize the brush.\

\b Change Brush Transparency 
\b0 Click on the 
\i change brush transparency 
\i0 brush and drag the slider to change the brush transparency.\

\b Undo 
\b0 To undo a drawing mistake, click on the undo button. You can only undo the past seven marks you made with a brush.\

\b Redo 
\b0 To redo a part of the drawing that was removed by the undo button, click on the redo button\

\b Add Animations 
\b0 To add an animated image to the drawing board, tap the 
\i Add Animations 
\i0 button, and then tap once on the image you want to add from the pop-over. To see the animation, click on the 
\i play 
\i0 button on the bottom of the screen.\

\b Add Stickers 
\b0 To add a sticker to the drawing board, tap the 
\i Add sticker 
\i0 button, and then tap on the sticker you want to add from the pop-over. Stickers will not animate. \

\b Move, Resize, and Rotate an Image 
\b0 Once the image has been added to the drawing board, tap on the image once to select it: a red circle with an x in the middle will appear in the upper right hand corner of the image. Use two fingers to resize, move, or rotate the image. You will not be able to draw when an image is selected. Tap on the image once more to get rid of the red circle.\

\b Delete Image 
\b0 Tap the image once to select it: you will see a red circle with an x in the middle in the upper right hand corner of the image. Tap on the red circle to delete the image.}